fix: update docs for zksync-cli (#735)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/dev/building-on-zksync/hello-world.md

- ERC20 tokens on zkSync are required for the testnet paymaster. We recommend using [the faucet from the zkSync portal](https://goerli.portal.zksync.io/faucet).
- You know [how to get your private key from your MetaMask wallet](https://support.metamask.io/hc/en-us/articles/360015289632-How-to-export-an-account-s-private-key).

::: tip Local zkSync Testing with zksync-cli

> Skip the hustle for test ETH by using `zksync-cli` for local testing. Simply execute `npx zksync-cli dev start` to initialize a local zkSync development environment, which includes local Ethereum and zkSync nodes. This method allows you to test contracts without requesting external testnet funds. Explore more in the [zksync-cli documentation](../../tools/zksync-cli/README.md).

Reviewer: suggestion: Might be me, but thoughts about the following language instead of `hustle`?
```suggestion
Skip the hassle of test ETH by using `zksync-cli` for local testing. Simply execute `npx zksync-cli dev start` to initialize a local zkSync development environment, which includes local Ethereum and zkSync nodes. This method allows you to test contracts without requesting external testnet funds. Explore more in the [zksync-cli documentation](../../tools/zksync-cli/README.md).
```
